Update TM&B in guides section of docs (#1187)
clearlinux/clear-linux-documentation: source/guides/stacks/dlrs-inference.rst

The solution covered here requires the following software components:

> * `Deep Learning Reference Stack`_ which is a |CL-ATTR| based Docker\* container providing deep learning frameworks and is optimized for Intel® Xeon® platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Deep Learning Reference Stack`_ which is a |CL-ATTR| based Docker\* container providing deep learning frameworks and is optimized for the Intel® Xeon® platform.
```

Author: I believe we are good to use 'processors' per the sample usage chart provided in the names DB (which shows an example of 'processor' pluralized).

Recommended Hardware
====================

> We validated this guide on a server with a 2nd Generation Intel Xeon Scalable processor, formerly Cascade Lake, and this is recommended to get optimal performance and take advantage of the built in Intel® Deep Learning Boost (Intel® DL Boost) functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We validated this guide on a server with a 2nd Generation  Intel® Xeon® Scalable processor, formerly Cascade Lake, and this is recommended to get optimal performance and take advantage of the built in Intel® Deep Learning Boost (Intel® DL Boost) functionality.
```

Despite the fact that this doc references  "Intel® Xeon® platform", above, the "Intel® Xeon® Scalable processor" is a unique phrase whose meaning is slightly different. One is general; the other is more specific.

Author: I didn't add in the (r)s b/c this is second use of the trademark on the page (The trademark part is 'Intel® Xeon®' which is used as an adjective with one of the approved nouns - as I read this description from the DB, this is the second use of the trademark on the page... glad to discuss if needed :) ). 

I see I did accidentally remove the original link tho! Will add back in.

Author: @mvincerx Thanks for the detailed review! Applied updates - I didn't make all changes, based on current working knowledge of TM&B rules (from legal + DB). I explained my reasoning inline w/ your original feedback.
